---
---

[So, we started o figure out what our relationship should be. I said I
didn\'t want to live a lie, and pretend we were still going out even if
we weren\'t. (I eventually figured out that my problem wasn\'t her
having been with other people, cause the only problem I\'d had was when
she suddenly told me about the other 10, it felt like a deception, cos
she\'d said nothing when she told me about David Cussen. I thought I
wouldn\'t be able to deal with the idea of her being with someone else
(and I can\'t really), and that that was my main problem, but the more I
thought about it,  thought that I\'d be OK as long as I didn\'t have to
see her with someone else, or hear from people she was with someone
else, while they were under the impression we were still together, then
I\'d feel betrayed, but wouldn\'t feel so betrayed about her and someone
else). She agreed, but said she idn\'t want to have to tell people, or
have them discussing us. I told her I wanted a clean break and not for
us to use each other when there\'s noone else to do, (because I know
I\'d start fights cos of the thought of her and whoever there was in
between) even though we both realised we\'d end up together again, cause
we\'d have to spend our weekends for mark\'s sake. She said what she
really wanted to do was keep it casual until Mark was old enough to
really need us to be together. That was the one thing she\'s said to m
that hurt the most. I never felt so worthless before that. Eventually
though, we decided to give it another try.]{.span0}

[The day of the results was shit. I got the worst results I could
possibly have imagined realistic. I asked to get Maths rechecked, but I
don\'t really see that happening. I got my first choice of RTCs and my
last choice of universities. (At least I got to turn down Trinity, even
if it was night courses). I put all my hope in getting something in the
second round, but there\'s no hope of that now. So, anyway, I was
bitterly dissappointed. Ihad Mark in town, and M and Margaret were there
too. They went down to Supermacs with me cause I couldn\'t bear to be
around so many people being so happy with their results. Christine
passed, and M and Margaret went up to the school to see how she did,
they\'d be back in half an hour. Since when we brought up Mark to Ninan
she was delighted, I was thinking that if I brought him up to
Bohernanave, the reaction would be similar, and that\'d cheer me up. How
wrong could I be. I rang the bell, and Nana opened the door, and looked
at me like she\'d look at shit. \'I suppose you\'d better come in\'.
\'So, pushing the pram yourself then\' \'Yeah, Mary\'s gone to see how
her friend did in the test\'. We went in and sat down, and Poppa asked
her where Mary was, and she said \'The brazen litlle bitch is off around
the town\'. She looked at him (didn\'t touch him), like she was
inspecting him, and asked when the Christening was, and when I told her
she said it was good that the child could be saved. She asked how I did.
Isaid not as good as I thought she said \'Sure what can you expect and
you out girling\'. I looked at the clock, said I had to go. She put a
pound in his hand. Poppa had put 2 in his hand. He looked interested,
but afaid to invoke her disapproval, so kept back. She gave me £10,
either for him or me, but neither me nor Mary wanted to send her money
on him, so I used it to get a shirt for the Christening. Went back to
Supermacs, and waited 30 mins, no sign, went to the bottom of the
bridge, turned back, met Joe and Willie, told the to tell Mary the half
an hour was half an hour ago, went home, nad she turned up half n hour
after that. Christine, Margaret and John were there. I told her and
them, and they told me to go out that night to at least drown my
sorrows. When M was oing she told me to as well. I had £2 from the
shirt, £1 from M. Mam gave me £5 for the results. So I went. Paul came
over to talk me into it, nad John phoned me later on in the evening.
Went to Fogartys. When that was way too crowded we went to Noel Ryans.
Bought a pint in F, Paddy bought me one in NR, robbed one of Coopers,
(me and JD. We too a sip each, but it wa too noticeable so we drank the
rest), robbed a voddka and orange. We were trying to figure out what it
was, and who owned it, so I drank it, then Paddy turned around to see
where his vodka and orange was gone. I annoyed Margaret (M\'s friend)
all night by telling her she looked bored. Had fun in Hayses. Went to
Supermacs after. Got curry chips and coke, and Margaret robbed half.
]{.span0}

[I\'m trying to work out when it was I was working. The first time,
moving blocks in Templederry was from Monday one week to Tuesday the
next. I got £90, it must have been Tues-Mon. Dunno. No def. to Tues, cos
Francis was back from england that day. Me and M went to see Batman and
Robin that Friday, and met Paul and Eileen, and I got the Guitarist mag
with Bran Molko on the cover.One Minutes Silence played the Astoria that
week, that being why they went. I think it was monday I staretd too, cos
Francis was there the first day, Jonathan the rest. Can\'t remember what
I spent in on. £40 into post office for Debs tickets (took out £25 for
recheck though). Card from Mary Gould financed the Ragg. I minded Mark
the first night M went out (to the Arms) after having him. She was so
drunk she wet the bed. Cool. Got mag with the Edge on the cover with
birthday week pay. 1st 2 days were actually working with Delroy laying
blocks in Templederry, then laying roof. Francis was gone to Dublin. M
will be here later. Working here tomorrow putting in windows. Shit.
There were two days that we were in Clonmore working in a house cleaning
out the crap off the floors. Was it? First we were filling stuff all
round, then there was a day clearing the floors, and it rained so much
we had to go home. That was birthday week, the Templederry pt 2 day/days
were after. Must make calenar to figure out. Bye 4 now.]{.span0}
