---
---

[Monday 8th September 1997]{.span0}

[It\'s about 10 past 7. Larry was up today and gave me this (for me
only) for College. Mam was telling me he\'d be up and had something to
talk to me about, but wouldn\'t sa, so I was wondering. Haven\'t written
down anything in ages. Saw Cable Guy yesterday. Stayed at M\'s Sat-this
morning, she was here Thurs (Debs night) to Sat. We had a fairly huge
fight last night. I was wrecked cos I\'ve been getting fuck all sleep
recently (cos I\'ve been at her house from last Thurs to this Thurs -
work) and I\'ve had to wait for her to go to bed (she sulks if I go
before she really can\'t stay awake anymore), and her brothers, cos I
slept on the couch all but 1 night. Saw Scent of a Woman Sunday night.
We\'ve basically been fighting all weekend, mainly cos I\'m sick of her
insulting me in front of my friends, her friends, my family, her family,
brief acquaintances, omplete strangers, so excessively when we\'re
alone. Last night I tried to go to sleep while she was doing her
homework, and she kept waking me every time I drifted off. So I was very
cranky. Then when she decided she\'d had enough homework done, and her
mother came in to kiss Mark goodnight, she decided to make fun of me
again, and started giving out to me for making a mess (I\'d left the
changing mat on top of the bag, while she had her schol books thrown all
round the room). She told me to rinse out Mark\'s bottle, so I did, and
she came down to make fun of me again, in front of her brother. I got
fed up and head butted her. It wasn\'t hard, but I was half serious and
she knew it and got pissed off, stormed out. Lately I\'\'ve pretty much
iven up on all hope of getting a fight over quicker by not saying
anything, so I\'ve been sayingthings back to her when she starts asking
her I\'m-the-victim-I-do-no-wrong questions (Thanks for ruining another
weekend - No, thank you, why do you keep ruining things - I don\'t know,
why do you). This time it was \'I\'m fed upof you treating me like
shit\' - So am I.Do I stamp it allover your head when I\'m in a good
mood. That\'s the worst part for me. See, she thinks that because she
insults me with a smile on her face that I should like it. It pisses me
off that the only way she seems to react to me when she\'s in a good
mood is to insult me. I can never laugh things off normally. Iwas tired
and cranky then. I basically just wanted to upset her so she\'d go away
and I could sleep. Of course I regretted it in the morning, but she
wouldn\'t talk to me. She came up after school to see if I got anything
in the second round, but no. I think she\'ll talk to me. I\'ll go to
phone her in a few minutes. I\'m going to Limerick RTC. Registering on
Wednesday. Going up with M\'s mother, who\'s registering Gordon, who\'s
at camp right now. Last week I was meant to be working Sat-Mon, but it
ended up pissing out of the heavens to no work Son or Tues, so I ended
up staying till thurs morning. Place in Templederry where I was working
first. Putting on a flat roof this time. First time I was moving blocks.
Second time I was working it was changing a flat roof in Roscrea. Debs
was good. Had 12 drinks, spent £30, £10 of M\'s on drink. She robbed the
rest of the drink she got. She looked gorgeous. And Willy kept saying
that. Over and over. I ended up throwing up at the seats during the
disco, and throwing up outside, facing Shane Collins. Slept through the
rest, though I woke up during American Pie to see Mr. Burns dancing with
Ms Kirrane. Got pissed off with Mary. While I was asleep she slow danced
with John and Dave (who tried to get off with her), she completely
avoided me after we came out of Tyrone\'s place (say later), and walked
down the town with her arm around Mij/Jim Henneberry (who tried to get
off with her last week at the Ragg). She only came to talk to me when
she wanted to go home. Mam minded Mark Th and Fr nights. Got in at 6.15.
I went to bed at 7 cos Ihad to wash puke out of my hair. Our tickets
were 99 and 100. I got £30 from the Credit Union (Wages went on the
Tickets, £6 I owed M for a CD (Nirvana interview) she got me. Was meant
to keep money for petrol for Francis who took M over (he was supposed to
take me over for photos, then bring us back, but he was working till too
late), but at the end of the night I only had £2.30 left, so M paid the
rest. Got a taxi to Fogarty\'s at 6.45. Everyone was meant to meet at
6.30, but only Paddy was there (wearing the loudest waistcoat ever).
\|Everyone else turned up at 7 ish. John went in the end, JD and Cha
didn\'t. After an hour of waiting outside Hayes\'s after getting thrown
out, Yvonne Ryan came back and said there was a house party. Everyone
thoght Paddy had orgnised one, but he hadn\'t. Me and M were like
\'Fuck\' when we heard it was Tyrone. We got there and there was a
(crap) dance tape blaring, him, a stack of empty cans and a guy asleep
on the couch. Everyone was too bored to do anything, cepy Yvonne and
Tyrone who danced on the table. We watched TV (MTV Awards). Me and Mij
vs Elaine Darmady (his girlfrend), M and John - Marilyn Manson vs Puff
Daddy/Crappy. A few people had an orgy without the fun (slumped on a
pile and slept). We got kicked out, cos Yvonne wouldn\'t get off with
Tyrone (he told M she could stay. She ran). Went outside, and Steven
Flanagan, Martin Ely etc tore down the banner over]{.span0}
