---
---

[Went outside, and Steven Flanagan, Martin Ely etc tore down the banner
over Crazy Prices and posed for a photo holding it. When the Irish
Independnts were delivered to the Post Office they opened it up and
everyone took them. Sonic/James Carroll kicked a full can in front of a
cop car, and they took down his name. Michael Treacy was wearing a Scots
hat with the red hair hanging down the back (which he did when accepting
his pen at the dinner), reading the Independant at the top of his voice,
like Anne\...\.....and\...\...\...\...Barrry\...\...\...\... and they
called him over, and asked where he got it. He said in his usual
gormless voice that he found it under a car. They asked his name and he
said John Doe. They asked where he lived and he said Moyne Road. They
told him to go home and he went off, and didn\'t come back. Mark got his
first tooth on Monday. It\'s the left of the bottom middle teeth. The
right one will be up soon. Got a lift over with Mary\'s lift, Joe Barry,
and walked up to the bottom of the bridge with her. Memories. I love
seeing her in her uniform. Idon\'twant to go to college. Met JD down
town. He\'s repeating. So is Paddy. He only has to go in for 3 subjects.
Bastard. He siad he\'d rather repet than go to an RTC. So would I, but
at the end of the day it costs less. The Christening was mad. Paul took
the wrong turn and ended up in Clonmore, and was half an hour late. Joe
had to step in till he got there. Christine was being a complete slut.
She had the shortest skirt\...Ever on (M\'s mother told her to spill a
drink on it \'accidentally\' so she\'d have to change.) She was bending
down in front of everyone the whole night. M said that at one point she
bent down in front of Paul (bro) so that he could have read the tag of
her underwear. She was worse in the car. Paddy came out after the
Christening, and Paul brought us all (Orla and Margaret were also there)
to the Ragg. Orla got in first then me, then Paddy (M and Margaret were
in the front seat), and instead of sitting beside Paddy, Christne had to
sit half between me and him, half on his lap. They went to the bank
machine in Templemore, and M and Christine had cans of Hudson Blue, and
Christine asked me to hold hers while she was gone, and the smell of
make up off it was unbelievable. John and Jimmy went to the Ragg. The
bastards got in for free, for the second time (1st was at Hayses for the
results) by going round the back door. M saw Christine get off with 6
people (at least), but Christine said she only got off with 2, but ould
have got off with 5. She said she didn\'t get off with Jason Keogh (who
she took to the Debs), even though she was right beside where the rest
of us were dancing. Everyone was going on about what a slut she was. M
was delighted She couldn\'t stand her for it, but she was OK with her at
the Debs. Christine asked Paddy (M said she\'d said she was only going
to take someone who\'d look good beside her in a tux, which is why she
didn\'t invite her boyfriend from Drogheda) to the Debs, then told
everyone he asked her (in front of his face), so he said that it was a
last resort in front of hers. He met someone (who is a friend/almost
identical to Siobhan) that night and took her instead. M was delighted
when he told her this, though when M was talking to Christine about the
night, she toldher she was fine, that noone had said anything about her.
(Cos she was eant to go to Drogheda Saturday, but in the end she
couldn\'t). Paddy can\'t stand Christine now. She\'s turned into a
complete cow since she\'s moved to Drogheda (cos she\'s just ordinary
there, and doesn\'t have her own fan club). Paddy was in Drogheda the
weekend just before the results, and the day of the results Christine
gave Mary his bad in front of Margaret, to pretend it was hers, even
though Margaret went up with her the first day, and knew what she had.
They went up to get Debs dresses, but M was the only one allowed stay.
Christine hadn\'t much money, so M paid for her to go out Friday night.
The next night they guilt tripped Christine\'s boyfriend into giving
them his last tenner so they could go to this night club that they
didn\'t even like at the end of it all. Freed from Desire was their
anthem for that weekend. I got it for Mary that Wednesday, when I got my
hair cut (I told the guy, whoI\'d been in scouts with, what length I
wanted, but got talking to him & didn\'t have my glasses on, so I
didn\'t notice till too late what he was doing. He\'d cut Paul\'s hair
the Sat Â before, and I guess he assumed that\'s what I wanted. Also
bought shoes, Lynx Java, razor & Mates Variety pack, even though. M was
coming over later that day to stay a few days with Mark.) I think it was
Wednesday. I used my wages from the house in Roscrea from the week
before. I was working up till my birthday, but I can\'t think now which
was which. ]{.span0}

[I\'d been minding Mark that weekend. When Mary came home that Sunday
night, it was with Francis and Brid (who brought Killian to Dublin Zoo),
cause she\'d lost her ticket. The more times we were on the phone over
the weekend, the less interested she\'d seemed in talking to me, started
to sound tedious that she had to get the information about mark from me.
When she got back, I ran out to meet her, wrapped my arms around her,
but she barely said hello and gave me some bags to carry. I\'d missed
her more than usual, cause I was in her house etc, and got really upset
when she wouldn\'t talk to me for 20 minutes, then sounded like sh was
forcing herself to talk to me, going on about all the interesting people
she met, in a way tht sounded to me as being pointed like (way more
interesting than you\'. She said later she hadn\'t missed me one bit.
She said a few minutes later that she meant she\'d missed me, just not
the fighting, but that didn\'t sound as truthful. Then she started
telling me how the weekend had made her miss her freedom. ]{.span0}

[So the hell week started. ]{.span0}

[When M and Christine got into that club, the shit one. (She said \'it
was boring. You\'d like it\' without a trace of irony. She didn\'t mean
it like that, but I took itlike that in the context of everything else),
they sat down at this table across from this guy and ended up talking to
his friends. M hated him. Christine got off with him. Causehe got her a
drink. He was at the Ragg the night, and she got off with him again. M
didn\'t see the angle of her taking her boyfriends money so she could go
do the dirt on him. ]{.span0}

[The week after that weekend was pretty much me trying to figure out why
it was Mary wanted to be free from me, and getting it wrong (mainly
cause she didn\'t even know), and getting accused of trying to guilt
trip her for it. I tried doing the things she wanted me to do (razor,
deodorant, hair cut), that I really DID NOT WANT TO DO, but was told
that even though the fights werepart of it, they were a tiny part. Then
I thought it was that she wanted to get off with other people (cause I
was remembering the relevance of the first time she told me she\'d
missed her freedom), but that wasn\'t really it. I gave her some letters
that we ended up fighting over, cause I was so wrong about some things,
said things the wrong was, said things to piss her off. Eventually,
while she was staying here, she said it was just that, with Mark, she
was getting depressed cause there was so much she couldn\'t do, and
didn\'t want to be tied down while she was youn. She was afraid that we
were staying together for his sake, or cause we\'d been going out
together so long.]{.span0}
