---
---

[14-9-97 I\'m here, in Da House. It\'s wierd to not be at home. I
brought everything, basically. This, stereo, guitar. I mainly brought
the stuff Mam got me in Dunnes last week. Got toiletries and pens
andpaper yesterday. Had most of my wages. M got me Kerrang, and I gave
her back the money, so I had £16 left. Then I got her a hedgehog
(Fluffums 2) as a present for tomorrow. She got me a frame with a
picture of her and Mark. I miss them. I was a bad boy. I spent most of
the money I was meant to be keeping. I got Experimental Jet Set, Trash
and No Star (Sonic Youth). Twer £5, only chance of getting ever, but
that, and getting sweets has left me with £5.87, 4 plecs, a key to the
house (home) and a coloured condom in my pocket. Was at M\'s Thurs eve
to Sat morn. Yesterday morn me and M had a fight. She pulled my hair,
and I kicked her to stop her, she said she was only messing, I said I
still wanted her to stop doing it, she kicked me, (later she said it was
a \'how do you like it\' type thing, but\...) I kicked her back, she
tore into me (she was so shocked I kicked her back that she lost it), I
fought back, then I threw Mark\'s bottel at her. We sat there for a
while, then she grabbed the CD that was free with Kerrang and bent it,
and I decided I\'d walk into town and get the bus (I\'d been trying to
figure out whether I should do it or not in my head). I was getting my
stuff ready, she came down and we made up. We went to Argos today, but
all those shops were closed, then to Parkway. Then here, I left my stuff
in, and Maura said the Cresent was still open so we went there. Mary got
Mark a jacket and gloves for the winter. Then we went ino MacDonalds. M
had a happy meal, I had a big mac meal. And a donut. Came back here, and
Gordon was here. Spent rest of evening hiding up here afraid to go down,
until Maura called me and Gordon (who was asleep) for tea/to meet
Joseph, from Ballinasloe (can\'t remember which county that\'s in).
That\'s about it. This house is killer. It rules. It\'s also so neat
it\'s frightening. Bye.]{.span0}
