18-05-96

Well, OK. At the Trax YMCA came on, and Hewie and Charlie went out
holding

each other\'s asses. Then H came over to me and Mary and kissed M on the
lips

then leant over to me, and I did too. That disgusted a few people, and H

came over again, and he went to Mary, then to me. Then we were sitting
down,

me, Mary, Christine and Hewie, and Margaret and Podge were facing us,
and

Mary was trying to show C, so me & H kissed. C missed it, so we did
again.

Then her & M kissed. Then M & H kissed (she said he tried to slip in his

tongue (while leaning over C)) and she made me kiss C. It was like
kissing

Catherine. Not only that, but later in SMacs she tried to get M to order
her

something and did an ID \'please\'.

There was 7 in on Fri. During Relig we played basketball, and Natasha
was

calling John Dougal, and he called her Mrs. Doyle. So we were sitting
down

after and the relig teacher passed, and stared at him he said \'Don\'t
look at

me like you\'re going to call me Dougle\' and she said \'Would you like
another

sandwich (from a recent episode) and he told her to feck off.

Trax Wednesday. Mary was there (and Margaret (who got off with Podge,
who was dumped by C Flanagan that morning. She asked him to set her up
with Willie Diggins. Sound!) and Christine & Hewie)

Paul was there (he got off with someone whose name he can\'t remember),
Richard, who is going with Hazel, Paddy (Siobhan wasn\'t there) Willie,
Cooper, Charlie and Keith & Steve

There was a blind date competition. Cha, Wilie & Cooper went. They were
asked if they shaved their legs/any other body part C: 2 a week W: \'I
wax\' Cha: I don\'t shave anything

What\'s the most romantic thing you\'d do for a woman? C: Don\'t know
(later said shave her legs) W: Wax her legs Ch: D.K.

What sex god would you compare yourself to? C: Brad Pitt W: Steaven
Seagal Ch: Jamie Redknap

(Asked by the girl herself(Well, not DIRECTLY by her)) : What\'s your
favourite sexual position (and he told Cooper not to say on the tractor
(the DJ)) C: In the bath W: On the table Ch: 69

She picked Willie. It turned out to be a friend of Mary\'s, Aisling ?.
Paul saw her later & was excited!

Then there was the girls round Paul was the one they were competing for.
One was Susan (?), Una and I can\'t remember the last one\'s name, but
she won. They won free tickets, but had to get off with each other to
win (for both of the competitions)

When you get out of the shower, do you ever admire your chest in the
mirror? S: All the time U: No ?: We don\'t have mirrors

Did you ever read the girls version of Playboy? Unanimous no

If so, do you ever think of doing it to the guys in the pictures?

The DJ

At the Trax Mark Shorley won the Mr.Macho copetition. Yeah right.

Met Jimmy and Richard on the way back from the train station. They were

going to the disco at the rugby club. Jimmy was merry from drinking at
his

uncle\'s in Monakeeba. He had 2 Guinesses, a Carlsberg, and Sherry. They

were annoyed at being the only people going tonight. They were with
Siobhan

etc today, and Joanne Kenny (who Paul got off with last Friday before I
left

to get my hair cut for the wedding) took off her jumper so they could
rate

her body in the middle of the street (they had taken their tops off
inside

somewhere and had gotten 10/10).

John\'s sister got 1977 on Friday. John phoned today and played the
first few

minutes of the 1st song. He told Mary about Jimmy\'s solution for Paul
of

giving Siobhan H a dead bird (that he had found on the road) to break it
off

(Paul finally did it Wednesday after school for the 3rd time (even
though

they weren\'t going out - she just thought it. She didn\'t even get the
mess-

age. At the blind date the 3 girls wer S\'s friends (I think) and Paul
still

got off with 1 of them while she watched) she still asked Jimmy where he

was 4 times (he didn\'t have the heart to tell her that Paul was getting
off

with someone else) & later she tried to make him jealous by going out to

slow dance with someone else, and when she noticed he wasn\'t paying
attent-

ion, she just walked off). Paul\'s starting to get a rep as a slut
(since he

got off with someone different every day this week). Jimmy\'s also got a
bad

rep in this town. Friends of Seattle told him, Natasha knows what it is,
but

she won\'t tell.
