**Examination Number**

**97547441**

**To Design A Working Model To Demonstrate **

**A Renewable Energy Source**

**Index**

1.  Examination Number

2.  Project Title

3.  Index

4.  Index

5.  Design Brief

6.  Analysis Of Brief

7.  Analysis Of Brief

8.  Investigation - Problems

9.  Investigation - Problems

10. Criteria For Selecting Solution

11. Design Realisation

12. Analysis of Parts - Air Funnel

13. Analysis of Parts - Air Funnel

14. Air Funnel Support

15. Fan Guard

16. Propellor Motor Support / General Housing

17. Air Cup Support Shaft

18. Air Cup Shaft Supports / Battery Support

19. Wiring

20. Cleaning

21. The Base / Electronics

22. General Assessment and Comments on Project

23. General Assessment and Comments on Project

**Design Brief**

On receipt of the design brief I began to think about the requirements
to be fulfilled

i.e.

1.  A means of varying speed

2.  An energy converter

3.  An electronic device for indicating output

4.  All important operating features are clearly visible without
    > dismantling.

5.  The longest dimension of the model does not exceed 300mm

6.  The electric power used must be less or equal to 9 volts.

**Analysis of Brief**

> 1\. [A means of varying speed]{.underline}

When talking about varying speed I had to decide what speed I needed to
vary. If using wind I perceived varying speed to mean that of the wind.
If talking about hydropower the speed of falling water could be varied.

Variable resistors and gates could be used to vary speed of motors and
amounts of wind respectively.

A series of opening and closing values or funnels could vary the speed
of falling water.

2.  [An energy converter]{.underline}

This could convert kinetic energy to electrical energy eg spinning a
turbine to run a generator. It could also mean converting potential
energy to electrical energy i.e. energy due to position e.g. water in
funnel above turbine

The reason both must be converted into electrical energy is to satisfy
condition 3.

3.  [An electronic device for indicating output]{.underline}

This could be a light bulb, an LED or a buzzer of some sort.

4.  [All important operating features are clearly visible without
    > dismantling]{.underline}

To satisfy this, I must use clear perspex of a metal grid to protect
vulnerable parts and yet retain visibility.

5.  [The longest dimension does not exceed 300mm]{.underline}

I knew I was going to have a problem with this as I considered a 300mm
diameter wheel for a windmill too small to catch enough wind to produce
enough speed.

**Investigation - Problems**

In solution to the design brief I investigated all the Renewable Energy
Sources possible and solutions. These included

i.  Solar Power

ii. Wind Power

iii. Hydro Power

I thought solar power would be complicated and unattractive so I tried
Wind and Hydro power.

I researched windmills of all sorts. I toyed with the idea of a windmill
turning a large gear wheel which in turn turned a small gear wheel
attached to the generator. The problem here was trying to find a method
of fulfilling requirement (1), i.e. to vary the speed. This was a vague
term in itself. Did this mean vary the speed of the wings on the
windmill or on the generator itself? I found it difficult to come up
with an idea to vary the speed of the wings as this would have involved
varying the pitch of the blade on the wing or a centrifugal breaking
system inside the windmill.

I came up with the idea that I could produce my own wind source and from
that vary the output è vary speed.

Two solutions came to mind

1.  Produce wind with a motor, and use a variable resistor to vary the
    > speed.

2.  Have a motor at a fixed speed but using gates to vary the wind
    > exiting the fan.

The advantages of this solution were that

1.  I could vary the speed

2.  I was converting wind (kinetic) energy into electrical

3.  I could indicate output by having the wind rotate a windmill blade
    > and run a generator - producing enough current to light an LED.

I realised now that I was going to have a severe problem in keeping my
dimensions below 300mm as a large wheel would be needed to catch enough
wind to rotate at high speed. I looked at a few types of wheel to see
and test which was the best and most efficient method of catching the
wind. I found that anemometers (used for measuring wind speed) use 3
cups for catching the wind. I considered this idea and found it to be
the most practical sizewise and speedwise.

I also considered Hydro Electric Power (H.E.P.). I thought of placing a
large 3 litre container (preferably funneled) above a turbine, letting
the water out gradually or quickly through a tap and running a generator
off the turbine.

**Criteria for Selecting Solution**

The problems were

a.  The water would have to fall from a height. I only had 300mm

b.  I may need a method of pumping the water back up to the tunnel.

c.  I needed a large capacity tank, but like (a), I only had 300mm

I thought about pumping the water at high speeds at a turbine but the
idea seemed difficult compared to wind power. I didn't think I would get
up enough speed with water as a medium.

I finally decided to use wind power as

a.  I thought I could complete the project within the size limit

b.  I thought I could develop enough speed to run a generator

c.  I could vary the speed by producing my own wind using a motor and
    > vary its speed using a variable resistor.

**Design Realisation**

Having chosen wind power I decided to build a model demonstrating how
wind energy could be converted into electrical energy *(see diagram)*

I decided to produce my own wind and concentrate it on three air cups
which, after gearing, would turn a generator spindle.

**Analysis of Parts - Air Funnel**

I commenced making the project and decided to start with the air funnel
since I presumed this part would be the most time consuming. I chose it
to be made from 1mm copper sheeting. I chose copper for its high
metallic lustre which I had previously seen in copper piping.

I made a drawing on paper of the part and proceeded to cut out the
copper. I then drilled it.

I would have wished to make the funnel at a more shallow angle to
facilitate the air passing through it and not stopping it as I suspected
it might do. But size restrictions prevented me from doing so. When I
tested the funnel I found, as I had suspected that the funnel was
preventing the air from passing through. Rather than scrap the piece or
make a new one I decided to reverse the funnel so it would suck in
through the small end and blow out the large end.

After rigorous time consuming tests of various materials, copper and
perspex, I decided to make the air funnel support out of box iron and 2
parts of bright mild steel. These were cleaned, marked and drilled. They
were then brazed together. We applied a thin coating of flux to the
joints then we heated the steel to a dark red colour, then with a 2mm
brass rod we brazed the parts together. This was cleaned with a series
of files and finally emery paper before spraying.

Using bick formers I formed the funnel. This job was time consuming and
laborious as the 1mm gauge was not as malleable as I needed.

I then soldered the two ends of the piece together.

I then cleaned the joint of its excess solder and oxides. After this
preparation I spray painted the insides of the copped with undercoat and
matt black. Finally I sprayed it with lacquer to give a good shine and
protection from scratches

**Air Funnel Support**

On researching materials and methods I decided to use a section of box
iron for the air funnel support. This would give it the rigidity need to
prevent the air funnel rocking.

Previous to this I had tested a 1mm copper sheet support but this failed
due to its lack of rigidity

Two pieces of bright ,mild steel could attach the box iron to the base
and to the funnel. These were brazed on then spray painted with an
undercoat, matt black and finally a lacquer.

**Fan Guard **

Safety played a very important role in my project. I ensured that nobody
was injured by not exceeding the maximum voltage of 9 volts and by
protecting any fast moving parts.

I considered it important to have the propellor well guarded as this was
by far the most dangerous part.

The guard would have to be strong and impenetrable to any large object.
This meant the bars ion the guard would have to be close together. I
could see that this was going to make it extremely difficult to solder
or braze. For this reason I decided to recycle the guard from a large
sheet we had at home. I then cleaned off any dirt or grease and bent the
wires in the appropriate positions. This was then undercoated and spray
painted matt black yet again.

**Propellor Motor Support**

The options here were easy. I needed a metal that was malleable and that
cleaned up well. I decided that aluminium would be the best choice. I
chose the sheet metal, cut it out and cleaned up the edges. Then I
marked it out and drilled it before commencing the bending. After
bending I used wet and dry emery paper to clean up the piece.

**Generator Housing**

I needed a method of supporting the generator. I used 1" copper pipe
which was as close as I could get to the generator diameter. I then
proceeded to make two generator housing support legs. I drilled the
holes before sweat-soldering the pieces together. This elevated the
housing to the correct height so the large cog on the horizontal air cup
support shaft met the small cog on the generator. The housing support
legs were then bolted to a rectangular piece of copper *(see diagram)*,
which in turn was bolted to the support legs.

It was then sanded down with wet and dry emery paper, then polished.
Three coats of lacquer were then applied.

**Air Cup Support Shaft**

Using my research into anemometers for measuring wind speed, I decided
to use three cups to catch the air.

I thought about using table tennis hemispheres to catch the air but this
failed as the gearing I used was causing too much resistance.

I compromised by using larger hemispheres on 25mm shafts to give enough
leverage to turn the large gear.

I chose brass for the three shafts because of its lustre. I threaded the
outside for 10mm at one end of each.

I chose brass again for the horizontal shaft. It was 20mm shafting which
I turned down to 9mm and the other end to 4 mm

**Air Cup Shaft Support**

I tested 5mm perspex for this part but found that it was far too brittle
when bent. It was also time consuming to file parallel edges. It was
also very difficult to prevent scratches on the parts.

I need a metal which was malleable enough to be bent at right angles and
strong enough to fold up the rotating air cups. I chose 3mm aluminium
for these reasons.

I marked out the positions for the holes and curves. I then filed and
drilled the pieces.

**Battery Supports**

I intended on making a project which was fully portable. I did this by
building in a battery which moved with the project. To hold this battery
in place I used 20mm glass rod perspex. This was chosen mainly for
appearance and strength. I threaded these after turning down one end to
10 mm for 25mm.

**Wiring**

I did my best to hide the wires

1.  for safety

2.  I felt that exposed wires made the project look untidy.

My efforts can be seen in the inside of the support and into the base.
Also in the air funnel support where I drilled the air funnel and the
base of the funnel support to enable me to place the wire on the inside
of the box iron.

I soldered the wire onto the motor generator LEDs and switches. This
gave good electricity. These gave good electrical contact and a strong
joint not easily broken.

I used light wire to reduce to a minimum the current lost through the
resistance of the wire.

**Cleaning**

All parts of the project were cleaned with wet and dry emery paper.
Coarser paper was used on the air funnel support as it is made from
steel. This gave me a very good surface finish and a good base for
undercoat spray (if sprayed). The copper air funnel was cleaned with wet
and dry then 'Brasso' to clean any grease or dirt. A lacquer was sprayed
on all parts to prevent dirt or grease ruining surface finishes.

**The Base**

I required a heavy base as the project was heavy and I did not want it
overturning. I chose 1 inch teak for its strength, weight and attractive
grain structure. It also had high resistance to any current leaks which
might have occurred due to wear and tear. This was edged by a router and
then sanded. The holes were counter boarded at the back to accommodate
the bolts.

**Electronics**

I had previously never used LEDs or variable resistors. Research into
the operation of generators was also enlightening. This project enabled
me to learn a lot more about the practical use, operation and function
of these electronics components.

**General Assessment and Comments on Project**

Generally I liked the project. I found it very challenging. The research
was interesting and fascinated me in the many ways in which energy can
be generated in methods other than fuel burning.

Many of the parts, especially the air funnel were very challenging. I
had not previously used copper so I feel I made the mistake of choosing
copper of too high a gauge with which to make the part.

As well as this it was time consuming to find that I could not blow the
air through the small end of the funnel. Because of this a new air
funnel support had to be made when the deadline was very close. If I
could have used more than 300mm I feel I could have made the funnel with
a shallower angle and so concentrate the air on the cups but I was
limited to 300mm so I could not do so.

It was a disappointment also to find that the air cups will only turn if
the battery is new. The motor was very hard on the battery and used its
charge very rapidly.

When the project worked I was pleased to see it lit the LEDs with ease.
I had attempted to use a buzzer but the generator only produced enough
current to run a buzzer when the battery was new.

I was challenged by the many processes I had used i.e. soldering and
brazing. I enjoyed making the horizontal air cup support shaft and the
air funnel.

I am glad I undertook to built this project and have learned a great
deal from it.
