DMA does not use holog- raphy: instead, a system of polarisers, lenses
and filters collect the aggregate light rays from multiple image sources
and focus them into free space. The resulting pro- jected images look
virtually solid, claims Prince.

"The system is capable of producing true three-dimen- sional volumetric
displays. It can also simulate 3D so eff- ectively that you can't tell
the difference. It's the first time a full motion, high-resolution image
can be seen floating in the air without the viewer having to wear
special glas- es," says Prince.

To dozens of other computers, causing widespread chaos. Some of today's
com- puter viruses have been written for similar experimental reasons,
then escaped.

From early childhood, every person develops an idea of what he himself
is like - his physical appearance, his ability and aptitudes, and his
lik- ability. This self-concept will strongly affect his behavious
throughout life, influencing his degree of success in all sorts of
relationships.

The songs of our particular youth are so permanently devastat- ingly
emotive because they put into noise - not even words, just riffs - all
those desperately formless emotions that afflict the young.

Miller was concerned by par- allels between witch-hunting and
McCarthyism. Hill, with more jus- tice, compares the accusations of
witchcraft, based almost entirely on the testimony of hysterical
children, with unfounded charges in our own day of systematic
child-abuse and Satanism, where again the evidence is mainly supplied by
children.

General discussions can help teenagers overcome anxiety about
masturbation, about homosexuality - and just about the worries of being
a teenager in love.

It is widely believed that rapists are prychologically disturbed men who
jump out on women in dark alleyways. All too often women are raped by
men they know or men respected in the locality are not believed; their
assailants, you see do not fit the stereotype of a rapist.

Manic depression is an affective psychosis: that is, the patient becomes
carried away by his or her emotions, either from habit, or in an effort
to con- ceal anxiety and shyness. Manic depres- sives are often
reserved, inward looking, emotionally sensitive personalities, even
though during the manic phase their behaviour takes on a very extrovert
form.

**Have you ever comitted a crime?**

Yeah. I used to shoplift quite a bit

**LAST TIME YOU HAD A SIGHT TEST?**

it's okay, I can make out shapes. Hey, the world is soft through my
eyes."

They ask more than the usual quota of questions. They deeply resent
going to bed, read tre- mendously on all subjects, show great powers of
logic and get bored very quickly.

Teenager has changed the way we live more than any other word this
century.

A typical case of this is the clever boy who does badly at school: his
failure is then traced to a teacher who dislikes him for being "too
clever" or to his class- mates who call him "smarty pants."

Great shocks to a person's self-concept - like someone he loves
ac-cusing him falsely of theft - may have a profoundly disturbing
effect, and even persuade him to shape his life to fit the concept that
particular per- son seems to have of him. Certainly if a child is
continually blamed or denigrated, he will tend to devalue himself and
act accordingly.

I always dreamt of being drop-dead gorgeous. When I was six, my par-
ents bought me a Barbie doll and I used to look at her glittering
clothes and imagine the lifestyle she had. I used to think, 'That's who
I want to be.'

They'd given her a different face. The wierd thing was that she acted
and talked differently too. Everyone told me she was my mother, but she
was like a completely different person.

"It's sexy, isn't it?" Lyne said. "You can get so used to the subject
matter. Then you have to pinch yourself and remember it's appalling."

Schiff notes: "Part of Humbert's tragedy - and a large part of his
comedy - is that his en- ormous intelligence is always defeated by his
obsession." Will this be true of Lyne, too?
