1\. What is Harry's full address?

(The Cupboard under the stairs, 2 Privet Drive)

2\. ~~What did Harry get for Christmas?~~

~~(The invisibility cloak)~~

3\. What did Harry get at the end of the movie?

(A photo album)

~~4. What was the number of Harry's vault at Gringott's~~

~~687~~

~~5. What was spelled on Harry's birthday cake?~~

~~Happee birthdae Harry~~

~~6. Who taught Defence Against the Dark Arts?~~

~~Quirrell~~

7\. How many times did McGonagall appear as a cat?

Twice

~~8. What is the name of the wizard's bank?~~

~~Gringott's~~

~~9. What was the number of the vault Hagrid went to at Gringott's?~~

~~713~~

10\. What did Neville receive in the mail?

A rememberall

11\. What is the name of Harry's aunt?

Petunia

12\. What is the name of the ball that wins a game of quidditch?

The Golden Snitch

13\. What is the name of Hagrid's dog

Fang/Kieł

14\. What is the name of the dog guarding the trap door?

Fluffy

15\. What was the name of Hagrid's dragon?

Norbert

16\. How many points did Neville receive at the end of the movie?

10

~~17. What was the name of the centaur?~~

~~Firenze~~

~~18. Where was the snake at the start of the movie from?~~

~~Burma~~

19\. Where is Ron's brother studying dragons?

Romania

~~20. What kind of dragon did Hagrid have?~~

~~A Norwegian Ridgeback~~

21\. How old was Harry when he found out he is a wizard?

11

22\. What flavour of Every Flavour Beans did Dumbledore eat in the
hospital?

Ear wax

23\. Who was the wizard on the Chocolate Frog card that Harry opened on
the train?

Dumbledore

~~24. What is at the core of Harry's wand?~~

~~Phoenix feather~~
