FIRST CERTIFICATE IN ENGLISH Listening D251/03 SAMPLE TEST 1 Time
Approximately 40 minutes (including 5 minutes' transfer time)
INSTRUCTIONS TO CANDIDATES Do not open this question paper until you are
told to do so. Write your name, centre number and candidate number on
your answer sheet if they are not already there. Listen to the
instructions for each part of the paper carefully. Answer all the
questions. While you are listening, write your answers on the question
paper. You will have 5 minutes at the end of the test to copy your
answers onto the separate answer sheet. Use a pencil. At the end of the
test, hand in both this question paper and your answer sheet.
INFORMATION FOR CANDIDATES There are four parts to the test. Each
question carries one mark. You will hear each piece twice. For each part
of the test there will be time for you to look through the questions and
time for you to check your answers. \* 500/2705/0 © UCLES 2015 Cambridge
English Level 1 Certificate in ESOL International 26 CAMBRIDGE ENGLISH:
FIRST SPECIFICATIONS AND SAMPLE PAPERS 3 Turn over ► 5 You hear two
people talking about a programme they saw on TV. The woman thinks the
programme was A irritating. B sad. C uninformative. 6 You hear two
people talking about an ice-hockey game they've just seen. How does the
girl feel about it? A pleased to have had the experience B relieved that
she'd dressed appropriately C impressed by the performance of the team 7
You overhear two friends talking about a restaurant. What do they both
like about it? A the presentation of the food B the atmosphere of the
place C the originality of the cooking 8 You hear a man talking on the
radio. What type of information is he giving? A a travel announcement B
a weather forecast C an accident report 2 Part 1 You will hear people
talking in eight different situations. For questions 1 -- 8, choose the
best answer (A, B or C).
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
1 You hear a message on a telephone answering machine. Why is the
speaker calling? A to confirm some arrangements B to issue an invitation
C to persuade someone to do something 2 You hear two people talking
about a water-sports centre. The man says the centre should A pay more
attention to safety. B offer activities for small children. C provide
all the equipment needed. 3 You hear a professional tennis player
talking about her career. What annoys her most about interviewers? A
their belief that she leads a glamorous life B their assumption that
she's motivated by money C their tendency to disturb her while she's
travelling 4 You hear a poet talking about his work. What is he doing? A
giving his reasons for starting to visit schools B justifying the
childlike nature of some of his recent poems C explaining that his poems
appeal to people of different ages LISTENING LISTENING \| SAMPLE PAPER
26 CAMBRIDGE ENGLISH: FIRST SPECIFICATIONS AND SAMPLE PAPERS 3 Turn over
► 5 You hear two people talking about a programme they saw on TV. The
woman thinks the programme was A irritating. B sad. C uninformative. 6
You hear two people talking about an ice-hockey game they've just seen.
How does the girl feel about it? A pleased to have had the experience B
relieved that she'd dressed appropriately C impressed by the performance
of the team 7 You overhear two friends talking about a restaurant. What
do they both like about it? A the presentation of the food B the
atmosphere of the place C the originality of the cooking 8 You hear a
man talking on the radio. What type of information is he giving? A a
travel announcement B a weather forecast C an accident report 2 Part 1
You will hear people talking in eight different situations. For
questions 1 -- 8, choose the best answer (A, B or C).
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
1 You hear a message on a telephone answering machine. Why is the
speaker calling? A to confirm some arrangements B to issue an invitation
C to persuade someone to do something 2 You hear two people talking
about a water-sports centre. The man says the centre should A pay more
attention to safety. B offer activities for small children. C provide
all the equipment needed. 3 You hear a professional tennis player
talking about her career. What annoys her most about interviewers? A
their belief that she leads a glamorous life B their assumption that
she's motivated by money C their tendency to disturb her while she's
travelling 4 You hear a poet talking about his work. What is he doing? A
giving his reasons for starting to visit schools B justifying the
childlike nature of some of his recent poems C explaining that his poems
appeal to people of different ages LISTENING LISTENING \| SAMPLE PAPER
27 CAMBRIDGE ENGLISH: FIRST SPECIFICATIONS AND SAMPLE PAPERS LISTENING
\| SAMPLE PAPER 5 Turn over ► Part 3 You will hear five short extracts
in which people are talking about their visit to a city. For questions
19 -- 23, choose from the list (A -- H) what each speaker liked most
about the city they visited. Use the letters only once. There are three
extra letters which you do not need to use.
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
A the efficiency of the public transport system B the natural beauty of
the scenery Speaker 1 19 C the variety of goods in the markets Speaker 2
20 D the style of the architecture Speaker 3 21 E the well-designed plan
of the city Speaker 4 22 F the helpfulness of the people Speaker 5 23 G
the range of leisure opportunities H the standard of the accommodation 4
Part 2 You will hear a woman called Angela Thomas, who works for a
wildlife organisation, talking about the spectacled bear. For questions
9 -- 18, complete the sentences with a word or short phrase. Spectacled
Bears Angela says that it was the (9) of the spectacled bear that first
interested her. Angela mentions that the bear's markings can be found on
its (10) as well as its eyes and cheeks. Angela is pleased by evidence
that spectacled bears have been seen in (11) areas of Argentina. Angela
says the bears usually live in (12) , though they can also be found in
other places. Spectacled bears behave differently from other types of
bear during (13) , which Angela finds surprising. Angela is upset that
(14) are the biggest danger to spectacled bears. Angela says that
spectacled bears usually eat (15) and tree bark. Bears climb trees and
make a (16) , which fascinated Angela. When bears eat meat, they much
prefer (17) although they do eat other creatures. One man has produced
an amusing (18) about the time he spent studying the bears. LISTENING 27
CAMBRIDGE ENGLISH: FIRST SPECIFICATIONS AND SAMPLE PAPERS LISTENING \|
SAMPLE PAPER 5 Turn over ► Part 3 You will hear five short extracts in
which people are talking about their visit to a city. For questions 19
-- 23, choose from the list (A -- H) what each speaker liked most about
the city they visited. Use the letters only once. There are three extra
letters which you do not need to use.
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
A the efficiency of the public transport system B the natural beauty of
the scenery Speaker 1 19 C the variety of goods in the markets Speaker 2
20 D the style of the architecture Speaker 3 21 E the well-designed plan
of the city Speaker 4 22 F the helpfulness of the people Speaker 5 23 G
the range of leisure opportunities H the standard of the accommodation 4
Part 2 You will hear a woman called Angela Thomas, who works for a
wildlife organisation, talking about the spectacled bear. For questions
9 -- 18, complete the sentences with a word or short phrase. Spectacled
Bears Angela says that it was the (9) of the spectacled bear that first
interested her. Angela mentions that the bear's markings can be found on
its (10) as well as its eyes and cheeks. Angela is pleased by evidence
that spectacled bears have been seen in (11) areas of Argentina. Angela
says the bears usually live in (12) , though they can also be found in
other places. Spectacled bears behave differently from other types of
bear during (13) , which Angela finds surprising. Angela is upset that
(14) are the biggest danger to spectacled bears. Angela says that
spectacled bears usually eat (15) and tree bark. Bears climb trees and
make a (16) , which fascinated Angela. When bears eat meat, they much
prefer (17) although they do eat other creatures. One man has produced
an amusing (18) about the time he spent studying the bears. LISTENING 28
CAMBRIDGE ENGLISH: FIRST SPECIFICATIONS AND SAMPLE PAPERS 6 Part 4 You
will hear part of a radio interview with a woman called Rachel Reed, who
works in a commercial art gallery, a shop which sells works of art. For
questions 24 -- 30, choose the best answer (A, B or C).
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
24 What does Rachel say about her job title? A It makes her feel more
important than she is. B It gives people the wrong idea about her work.
C It is appropriate for most of the work she does. 25 What is the most
common reason for the gallery not exhibiting an artist's work? A The
subject matter is unsuitable. B It is not of a high enough quality. C
The gallery manager doesn't like it. 26 When can phone calls from
artists be difficult for Rachel? A when their work doesn't sell B when
they don't receive payments C when their work is not accepted 27 Why
does Rachel include a commentary in the catalogue? A It gives background
information about the artist. B It encourages people to buy paintings
over the phone. C It tells people what experts think of the work. 28
What does Rachel say about administrative work? A She is able to leave a
lot of it to others. B She would like to have an assistant to help with
it. C She finds it hard to get it all organised. 7 29 What is Rachel's
role in the service the gallery offers to large companies? A making
initial contacts B responding to enquiries C promoting a certain type of
art 30 What does Rachel find most enjoyable about her job? A meeting
interesting people B the fact that it's unpredictable C being close to
works of art LISTENING LISTENING \| SAMPLE PAPER 28 CAMBRIDGE ENGLISH:
FIRST SPECIFICATIONS AND SAMPLE PAPERS 6 Part 4 You will hear part of a
radio interview with a woman called Rachel Reed, who works in a
commercial art gallery, a shop which sells works of art. For questions
24 -- 30, choose the best answer (A, B or C).
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
24 What does Rachel say about her job title? A It makes her feel more
important than she is. B It gives people the wrong idea about her work.
C It is appropriate for most of the work she does. 25 What is the most
common reason for the gallery not exhibiting an artist's work? A The
subject matter is unsuitable. B It is not of a high enough quality. C
The gallery manager doesn't like it. 26 When can phone calls from
artists be difficult for Rachel? A when their work doesn't sell B when
they don't receive payments C when their work is not accepted 27 Why
does Rachel include a commentary in the catalogue? A It gives background
information about the artist. B It encourages people to buy paintings
over the phone. C It tells people what experts think of the work. 28
What does Rachel say about administrative work? A She is able to leave a
lot of it to others. B She would like to have an assistant to help with
it. C She finds it hard to get it all organised. 7 29 What is Rachel's
role in the service the gallery offers to large companies? A making
initial contacts B responding to enquiries C promoting a certain type of
art 30 What does Rachel find most enjoyable about her job? A meeting
interesting people B the fact that it's unpredictable C being close to
works of art LISTENING LISTENING \| SAMPLE PAPER
