Revision checklist:

6\. Mix and Mash

Vocabulary

mix, mash-up, songs, include, DJs, record, recording, traditional,
perform, video, fans, opinion, audio, cool, edit

hate, version, hybrid, create, love

imagine, imitate, modern, original, weird

animal, art, book, fashion, food, music, mythical, sport

Speaking Strategy

Clarifying a point: I mean, in other words, that is\...

Grammar

Comparing: simpler than/more simple than, as popular as

Amounts (countable): a few, some, a lot of, many; how many; two, a few,
some, a lot of, many; a couple of, three, too many

Amounts (uncountable): a little, some, a lot of, much; how much; a
little, some, a lot of; a piece of, some, too much

7\. Cool Apps and Gadgets

Vocabulary

Internet, connect, mobile gadget, smartphone, Wi-Fi, apps, useful,
search (for), send, games, look up, share, chat

incredible, possible, tablet, text

Battery, camera, keyboard, microphone, screen

Borrow, find, function, invent

Speaking Strategy

May I borrow...? Can you lend me ... ? Please let me use your ...

Of course, here you are!

Sure! Here you go.

Sorry, I need it myself.

I'm sorry, I'm using it at the moment.

I'm not allowed to lend it out. Sorry!

Grammar

Superlatives: the biggest, the most (expensive), the least (useful)

Future: Possible (will) and most likely (going to)

8\. Into the Past

Vocabulary

Believe, diet, ancestor, discover, site, bone, adult, skeleton, skull,
continue, civilisation, origin, species

Advanced, back, descendant, helpful

Advice, chess, piece, queen

Age, chore, education, teenager

Speaking strategy

I'm (really) into ...., it's amazing.

I don't mind ..., it's ok/not bad.

I don't like ..., they're awful.

Grammar

Present perfect: past actions that still continue

There + be: existence: there is/are, there have been, there was/were,
there's going to be, there will be

Gold Experience A2+

4 Live and learn

Future: plans and intentions (going to, present continuous, present
simple)

Future: predictions (will, may/might)

Subjects: art, business studies, computer studies, dance, drama,
geography, history, maths, media studies, music, PE, science

Ways of learning: get good grades, give something a try, have a go, make
a mistake, make up your mind, take a chance, take advice

Phrasal verbs: cross (sth.) out, get up, hand (sth.) in, jump up, lie
down, move around, note (sth.) down, run around, settle down, sit down,
stand up, take (sth) out, tell (s.o.) off, throw (sth.) out, walk around

Business collocations: develop a business plan, make money, manage
people, open a café/shop, run a business, start a business

Making arrangements: Cool, Do you fancy \...-ing, Good idea!, I can\'t
because\..., I need to check with\..., See you on (Saturday), See you
there, that sounds good, we could go/meet\..., what about \...-ing

Other: competition, business, life skills, community, fact, software

5\. Get the look!

Comparatives: (not) as \... as; too \...; \... enough; much/a lot/a bit
\...; not quite as \... as

Describing appearance (height): 1 m 64 tall; average height; short;
small (for his/her/your age)

Describing appearance (hair): curly, dark, fair, long, short, straight

Describing appearance (face): (have/wear) braces, (have) freckles,
(wear) glasses, (wear) make-up

Describing appearance (accessories): (carry a) backpack, (wear a)
baseball cap, (wear) jewellery, (carry a) wallet

Phrasal verbs: check out, dress up, save up, stand out, try on

Other: accessories, appearance, average, behaviour, do you fancy\...?,
expert, high, look like (your sister, etc.), pattern, personality,
preference, slim, slogan, stripe, suit

Extra: changing room, customer, fit, sale, sales assistant, size, style

6\. The great outdoors

Modal verbs for rules: must/have to; mustn\'t; don\'t have to;
can/can\'t

Reflexive pronouns: myself, yourself, himself, herself, itself,
ourselves, yourselves, themselves

Animals: bat, bee, butterfly, dolphin, fox, frog, insect, koala, lion,
monkey, penguin, wolf

Describing animals: bite, blind, catch, clever, climb, dive, feather,
fly, friendly, fur, hunt, jump, land, pet, powerful, sharp (teeth),
skin, soft (fur), swim, tail, wing

Descriptive adjectives: bright, calm, clear, colourful, cool, empty,
huge, loud, lovely, peaceful, perfect, silent, social, wild

Descriptive verbs: feel (cool), look (beautiful), seem (perfect), sound
(nice)

Extra: architect, countryside, tourist, traffic, view, waterfall

7\. Food for thought

Relative clauses with who/which

Adverbs of manner

Food adjectives: burned, cooked, crispy, dry, hard, juicy, raw, salty,
soft, sour, spicy, sweet

Food: burger, butter, chilli, cupcake, curry, curry powder, fast food,
fish, (fried/roast) chicken, fries, fruit, jam, kebab, lemon,
marshmallow, paella, pasta, peanute, pineapple, popcorn, scone, steak,
sushi, toast, tortilla, vegetable, yoghurt

Other: be short of money, chain, cost a fortune, delicious, give someone
a hug, pop-up café, promotion, raw, roast, takeaway, tasty, vegetarian

Extra: bill, cook, cooker, recipe

8\. Getting away

Present perfect

Present perfect with for and since

Travel and transport: accommodation, airport, booking, customs, customs
officer, fare, guest, hotel, ID, journey, passenger, platform,
reception, reservation, return ticket, security, tourist, train station,
trip, visa, book accommodation, buy a (return) ticket, catch a
train/flight, go on a journey, go through security, go to reception,
make a reservation, pay the full fare, show your ID, take a trip

Travel items: diary, digital camera, earphones, flip flops, guidebook,
mobile phone, phone charger, sunglasses, water bottle

Time expressions: after, afterwards, before, (half an hour) later, next,
then, when, while

Adverbs: finally, immediately, loudly, quickly, slowly, suddenly

Other: challenging, choice, completely, daily, develop, double (room),
improve, single (room), stage

Extra: creative, expert, extreme, fresh air, local, perform, skill

Impact Foundation

Unit 5: Water

Vocabulary:

cloud, fresh water, ground, ocean, rain, river, salt water, sky

snow, lake, underground, ice

clean, dirty, safe, unsafe

garden, less, plants, reusable, shower, tap, toilet, wash, water

cloth, plastic, recycle, re-use

Grammar:

Present continuous: what\'s happening now/what always happens

There was/There were

Unit 6: The city

Vocabulary:

amazing, building, centre, entrance, focus, hospital, important, museum

interesting, busy

inside, outside, roof, take photos

angle, curve, rectangle, straight line, unusual

Grammar

Past simple

Past simple questions

Gold Experience A2+

Vocabulary:

child, daughter, died, husband, is married to, son, step-father, wife,
grandson, granddaughter, take care of, generation

enjoy, famous, good at, interested in

annoying, friendly, funny, mean, messy, noisy

meals: breakfast, dinner, lunch, tea

party hat, book, guitar, food, balloon, flower

Grammar

be/have got: is, isn\'t, are, aren\'t; have got, haven\'t got, has got,
hasn\'t got

countable/uncountable:

countable:

are there any

there are some/there aren\'t any

is there a

uncountable:

is there any

there\'s some/there isn\'t any

Unit 2

Vocabulary:

camera

classmate

language

laptops

lessons

library

practise

screen

homework

instruction

different, same, easy, difficult

on weekdays, every day, twice a week, at the weekend, once a week

(w dni powszednie, codziennie, dwa razy w tygodniu, w weekendy, raz w
tygodniu)

fail, hard-working, improve, succeed

(zawieść/zdać, pracowity, poprawić, odnieść sukces/zdać)

Grammar:

Present simple (routines)

lives in; walk to school; get up; have lunch; go to bed; hang out with;
finish

Frequency: never, rarely, sometimes, often, always

first; then; next; before; after

Unit 3

Vocabulary:

control

design

doctor

follow (instructions) - postępować (zgodnie z instrukcjami)

help

online

send

pain

pain level - poziomy bólu

bring, hold, movable, move

(przynosić, trzymać, ruchomy, poruszać się)

imagine, cry, laugh, dream

code, engineering, program, project

Grammar:

can/can\'t (ability)

should/shouldn\'t (advice)

Impact 1

1\. Life in the City

Vocabulary

architecture

capital

outdoors

plan

resident

skyscraper

surrounded by

unique

constructed

shape

symbol

tower

design

indoor

resident

rural, unusual, urban

bridge, motorway, pavement, stream

concrete, land, outdoor, park

beautiful, colourful, new, short, sweet-smelling, yellow

Grammar

Present simple (facts)

in and on

Unit 2

Vocabulary

adventure

profession

clue

office

consider

explore

career

archaeologist

study

take risks

passion

choice, dangerous, researcher

advisor, commute, create, photographer, scientist

Grammar:

Present simple (routines)

Possessives

Unit 3

Vocabulary:

active

dark

darkness

festival

go to sleep

headlight

light up

north

south

sunrise

sunset

horizon

daylight, healthy, streetlight

dawn, fascinate, glow, observe, pattern

Grammar

Present continuous (what\'s happening now)

at, on, in

Unit 5

Vocabulary:

dress up, fashion, formal, jeans, look, practical, suit, sweatshirt,
uniform, wear

tie, century, casual, practical, heels

denim, fabric, replace, tights

accessory, bracelet, necklace, outfit, wealth

boots, comfortable, cool, protect, shirt, shoes, warm

Grammar:

Past simple (saying what happened)

Unit 6

Vocabulary:

cool, edit, fan, include, mix, opinion, performing, record, recording,
traditional

DJs, video, audio

combine, download, electronic, hit

imagine, imitate, modern, original, weird

Grammar

Adjectives: Comparisons (as X as, more X than, less X than)

Countable/Uncountable: amounts

Countable:

A few/some/a lot of/many

How many?

Two/a few/some/a lot of/many

a couple of/three/too many

Uncountable:

a little/some/a lot of/much

how much?

a little/some/a lot of

a piece of/some/too much
