(401) YouTube
https://www.youtube.com/

(402) Swedish expressions make no sense (feat. Stefan Thyron) - YouTube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=34c28KOe82U

Ferrer Riesgo 2019 Cepstral Peak Prominence.pdf
file:///C:/Users/Jim%20O'Regan/Downloads/Ferrer%20Riesgo%202019%20Cepstral%20Peak%20Prominence.pdf

opensauce-python/opensauce at master · voicesauce/opensauce-python
https://github.com/voicesauce/opensauce-python/tree/master/opensauce

opensauce-python/opensauce at master · voicesauce/opensauce-python
https://github.com/voicesauce/opensauce-python/tree/master/opensauce

opensauce-python/harmonics.py at master · voicesauce/opensauce-python
https://github.com/voicesauce/opensauce-python/blob/master/opensauce/harmonics.py

opensauce/src/main/algos/functions at c81b15d727e990236197291923fb05de7f6d2a81 · voicesauce/opensauce
https://github.com/voicesauce/opensauce/tree/c81b15d727e990236197291923fb05de7f6d2a81/src/main/algos/functions

opensauce-python/test at e633608137d4e733304321843b324db3c0b17983 · voicesauce/opensauce-python
https://github.com/voicesauce/opensauce-python/tree/e633608137d4e733304321843b324db3c0b17983/test

opensauce/func_GetH1A1_H1A2_H1A3.m at master · voicesauce/opensauce
https://github.com/voicesauce/opensauce/blob/master/src/main/algos/functions/func_GetH1A1_H1A2_H1A3.m

opensauce/testFxn.m at master · voicesauce/opensauce
https://github.com/voicesauce/opensauce/blob/master/src/test/testFxn.m

implement the SHRP algorithm. by bitdancer · Pull Request #11 · voicesauce/opensauce-python
https://github.com/voicesauce/opensauce-python/pull/11/files

voicesauce/opensauce-python: Voice analysis software (Python port of VoiceSauce)
https://github.com/voicesauce/opensauce-python

Search · variables
https://github.com/voicesauce/opensauce-python/search?q=variables

opensauce/func_GetCPP.m at master · voicesauce/opensauce
https://github.com/voicesauce/opensauce/blob/master/src/main/algos/functions/func_GetCPP.m

VoiceSauce
http://www.phonetics.ucla.edu/voicesauce/

Carlos Ariel Ferrer-Riesgo's lab | Universidad Central "Marta Abreu" de las Villas
https://www.researchgate.net/lab/Carlos-Ariel-Ferrer-Riesgo-lab

juan ignacio godino llorente - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=juan+ignacio+godino+llorente&oq=godino+llo&aqs=edge.1.69i57j0i22i30l3.10105j0j1&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

nonlinear phonology - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=nonlinear+phonology&oq=nonlinear+pho&aqs=edge.1.69i57j0i512l8.5641j0j1&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

Nonlinear phonology: introduction and clinical application - PubMed
https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/8170119/

Voice_Analysis_Toolkit/MDQ at master · jckane/Voice_Analysis_Toolkit
https://github.com/jckane/Voice_Analysis_Toolkit/tree/master/MDQ

Voice_Analysis_Toolkit/do_aless_decomp.m at master · jckane/Voice_Analysis_Toolkit
https://github.com/jckane/Voice_Analysis_Toolkit/blob/master/MDQ/do_aless_decomp.m

jckane/Voice_Analysis_Toolkit: A set of Matlab code for carrying out glottal source and voice quality analysis
https://github.com/jckane/Voice_Analysis_Toolkit

Voice_Analysis_Toolkit/do_daless_filt.m at master · jckane/Voice_Analysis_Toolkit
https://github.com/jckane/Voice_Analysis_Toolkit/blob/master/MDQ/do_daless_filt.m

Voice_Analysis_Toolkit/daless_MW.m at master · jckane/Voice_Analysis_Toolkit
https://github.com/jckane/Voice_Analysis_Toolkit/blob/master/MDQ/daless_MW.m

covarep/peakslope.m at master · covarep/covarep
https://github.com/covarep/covarep/blob/master/glottalsource/peakslope.m

Convolution and polynomial multiplication - MATLAB conv
https://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/ref/conv.html

NumPy for MATLAB users — NumPy v1.21 Manual
https://numpy.org/doc/stable/user/numpy-for-matlab-users.html

octave-v-numpy.ipynb - Colaboratory
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/15wtw21TJaTE5hPA06RcxuR5bRcoYx9XF#scrollTo=WO9IJ3CNIbxE

MATLAB - Matrix
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/matlab/matlab_matrics.htm

MATLAB - Scalar Operations of Matrices
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/matlab/matlab_matrix_scalar_operation.htm

MATLAB - Division (Left, Right) of Matrics
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/matlab/matlab_matrix_division.htm

MATLAB - Addition & Subtraction of Matrices
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/matlab/matlab_matrix_add_subtract.htm

MATLAB - Determinant of a Matrix
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/matlab/matlab_matrix_determinant.htm

MATLAB - Matrix Multiplication
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/matlab/matlab_matrix_multiplication.htm

WhatsApp
https://web.whatsapp.com/

marp-team/marp: The entrance repository of Markdown presentation ecosystem
https://github.com/marp-team/marp

@marp-team/marp-cli - npm
https://www.npmjs.com/package/@marp-team/marp-cli

https://alexsci.com/test-marp-action/#14
https://alexsci.com/test-marp-action/#14

marp-core/themes at main · marp-team/marp-core
https://github.com/marp-team/marp-core/tree/main/themes

CS199: EMP
https://cs199emp.netlify.app/

How do I take my Python skills to the next level? – Real Python
https://realpython.com/intermediate-python/

Python's Instance, Class, and Static Methods Demystified – Real Python
https://realpython.com/instance-class-and-static-methods-demystified/

Python Virtual Environments: A Primer – Real Python
https://realpython.com/python-virtual-environments-a-primer/

Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) in Python 3 – Real Python
https://realpython.com/python3-object-oriented-programming/

Python and REST APIs: Interacting With Web Services – Real Python
https://realpython.com/api-integration-in-python/

Primer on Python Decorators – Real Python
https://realpython.com/primer-on-python-decorators/

emp-125/2021-05-03.md at master · harsh183/emp-125
https://github.com/harsh183/emp-125/blob/master/slides/s21/2021-05-03.md

marp jupyter - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?sxsrf=AOaemvJFIl8a5ANfOW5KKE3JzJ2h9sGPBA:1634032593024&q=marp+jupyter&nirf=map+jupyter&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwiVr4jizcTzAhWTa8AKHWokChIQ8BYoAXoECAEQNw&biw=1366&bih=695&dpr=1

pyreveal, a python package for converting markdown to reveal.js slides
https://wcchin.github.io/pyreveal/index.html

Themes | reveal.js
https://revealjs.com/themes/

Course: Introduction to Applied Algorithms with Python
https://pythonawesome.com/course-introduction-to-applied-algorithms-with-python/

yhatt/marp-cli-example: The good starter for using Marp via Marp CLI, by the author of Marp
https://github.com/yhatt/marp-cli-example

loic-yvonnet/algo-appliquee: Cours d'Algorithmique Appliquée avec Python pour BTS SIO SISR
https://github.com/loic-yvonnet/algo-appliquee

algo-appliquee/cours/02-bases-python at master · loic-yvonnet/algo-appliquee
https://github.com/loic-yvonnet/algo-appliquee/tree/master/cours/02-bases-python

Category:MIT licensed extensions - MediaWiki
https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Category:MIT_licensed_extensions

How to write academic papers in Markdown | Brain Baking
https://brainbaking.com/post/2021/02/writing-academic-papers-in-markdown/

wgroeneveld (Wouter Groeneveld)
https://github.com/wgroeneveld

wgroeneveld/brainbaking: Brain Baking: transforming personal thoughts about thoughts into well-digestible material. The reflective aroma of burnt nervous tissue. Includes a crispy crust of relations between technology , philosophy and the world .
https://github.com/wgroeneveld/brainbaking

Brain Baking
https://brainbaking.com/

20 Years of Personal Cellphone History | Brain Baking
https://brainbaking.com/post/2021/09/20-years-of-personal-cellphone-history/

FocusFree.pdf
http://focusmanifesto.s3.amazonaws.com/FocusFree.pdf

