CVPR 2022 Author Kit - Online LaTeX Editor Overleaf
https://www.overleaf.com/project/680b5d858fd7186fb6b63068

hungarian-algorithm/hungarian_algorithm/algorithm.py at master · benchaplin/hungarian-algorithm
https://github.com/benchaplin/hungarian-algorithm/blob/master/hungarian_algorithm/algorithm.py

Generating Diverse and Natural 3D Human Motions from Texts
https://ericguo5513.github.io/text-to-motion/

EricGuo5513/HumanML3D: HumanML3D: A large and diverse 3d human motion-language dataset.
https://github.com/EricGuo5513/HumanML3D

F5-TTS/src/f5_tts/infer/utils_infer.py at main · SWivid/F5-TTS
https://github.com/SWivid/F5-TTS/blob/main/src/f5_tts/infer/utils_infer.py#L293

whisperX/whisperx/transcribe.py at main · m-bain/whisperX
https://github.com/m-bain/whisperX/blob/main/whisperx/transcribe.py

m-bain/whisperX: WhisperX: Automatic Speech Recognition with Word-level Timestamps (& Diarization)
https://github.com/m-bain/whisperX

feat: add Tagalog (tl - Filipino) Phoneme-based ASR Model (#1067) · m-bain/whisperX@4db8390
https://github.com/m-bain/whisperX/commit/4db839018c2df845176fd9a383987e9299137779

History for utils/transcribe-for-mfa.py - shivammehta25/CVPRHumogen
https://github.com/shivammehta25/CVPRHumogen/commits/main/utils/transcribe-for-mfa.py

Computing WER on Bark output using wav2vec, whisper, whisperx and stable-ts | notes
https://jimregan.github.io/notes/whisper/wav2vec/wer/2024/03/13/bark-wer.html

Low-energy dockerfile for WhisperX | notes
https://jimregan.github.io/notes/docker/laziness/whisperx/2024/10/27/whisperx-lowenergy-docker.html

libcudnn_cnn problem · Issue #1182 · SYSTRAN/faster-whisper
https://github.com/SYSTRAN/faster-whisper/issues/1182

SYSTRAN/faster-whisper: Faster Whisper transcription with CTranslate2
https://github.com/SYSTRAN/faster-whisper

Mocap-to-SMPLX/main.py at main · LvXinTao/Mocap-to-SMPLX
https://github.com/LvXinTao/Mocap-to-SMPLX/blob/main/main.py

pytorch/pytorch Tags | Docker Hub
https://hub.docker.com/r/pytorch/pytorch/tags?page=4

Image Layer Details - pytorch/pytorch:1.1.0-cuda10.0-cudnn7.5-runtime | Docker Hub
https://hub.docker.com/layers/pytorch/pytorch/1.1.0-cuda10.0-cudnn7.5-runtime/images/sha256-299bfb9e54db1b2640d59caa6b7432a2b63002ec00154fd9dca4a08796a5f54a

jimregan/dockerfiles
https://github.com/jimregan/dockerfiles

github - Git cannot merge unrelated branches - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/49243844/git-cannot-merge-unrelated-branches

linux - X11/Xlib.h not found in Ubuntu - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/5299989/x11-xlib-h-not-found-in-ubuntu

moderngl/glcontext: connects moderngl to your window or create headless contexts :electric_plug:
https://github.com/moderngl/glcontext

glcontext/setup.py at main · moderngl/glcontext
https://github.com/moderngl/glcontext/blob/main/setup.py

What does "copy . ." mean? - Docker Hub - Docker Community Forums
https://forums.docker.com/t/what-does-copy-mean/74121/4

linux - Git ignore directory using absolute path - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/23196518/git-ignore-directory-using-absolute-path

history - Was the "higher cipher" that Robert Graves describes in his novel "I, Claudius" a real historical cipher, or was it his invention? - Cryptography Stack Exchange
https://crypto.stackexchange.com/questions/114914/was-the-higher-cipher-that-robert-graves-describes-in-his-novel-i-claudius


