speech split wav2vec2 pretraining - Google Search
https://www.google.com/search?q=speech+split+wav2vec2+pretraining&sxsrf=AOaemvKWiWl9CWVQXeTK97zVeQKaxg819g:1632693859952&ei=Y-5QYbfMOfTE8gKGlpfgBQ&start=10&sa=N&ved=2ahUKEwj3ibLM0p3zAhV0olwKHQbLBVwQ8NMDegQIARBO&biw=1366&bih=663&dpr=1

huseinzol05/malaya-speech: Speech Toolkit for bahasa Malaysia, https://malaya-speech.readthedocs.io/
https://github.com/huseinzol05/malaya-speech

malaya-speech/example at master · huseinzol05/malaya-speech
https://github.com/huseinzol05/malaya-speech/tree/master/example

malaya-speech/multispeaker-separation-wav.ipynb at master · huseinzol05/malaya-speech
https://github.com/huseinzol05/malaya-speech/blob/master/example/multispeaker-separation-wav/multispeaker-separation-wav.ipynb

huseinzol05/malaya-speech: Speech Toolkit for bahasa Malaysia, https://malaya-speech.readthedocs.io/
https://github.com/huseinzol05/malaya-speech

malaya-speech/pretrained-model/stt/hubert at master · huseinzol05/malaya-speech
https://github.com/huseinzol05/malaya-speech/tree/master/pretrained-model/stt/hubert

malaya-speech/pretrained-model/stt at master · huseinzol05/malaya-speech
https://github.com/huseinzol05/malaya-speech/tree/master/pretrained-model/stt

malaya-speech/speech at master · huseinzol05/malaya-speech
https://github.com/huseinzol05/malaya-speech/tree/master/speech

malaya-speech/scripts at master · huseinzol05/malaya-speech
https://github.com/huseinzol05/malaya-speech/tree/master/scripts

malaya-speech/malaya_speech at master · huseinzol05/malaya-speech
https://github.com/huseinzol05/malaya-speech/tree/master/malaya_speech

malaya-speech/language_detection.py at master · huseinzol05/malaya-speech
https://github.com/huseinzol05/malaya-speech/blob/master/malaya_speech/language_detection.py

malaya-speech/malaya_speech/augmentation at master · huseinzol05/malaya-speech
https://github.com/huseinzol05/malaya-speech/tree/master/malaya_speech/augmentation

malaya-speech/malaya_speech/extra at master · huseinzol05/malaya-speech
https://github.com/huseinzol05/malaya-speech/tree/master/malaya_speech/extra

malaya-speech/malaya_speech/utils at master · huseinzol05/malaya-speech
https://github.com/huseinzol05/malaya-speech/tree/master/malaya_speech/utils

malaya-speech/split.py at master · huseinzol05/malaya-speech
https://github.com/huseinzol05/malaya-speech/blob/master/malaya_speech/utils/split.py

malaya-speech/webrtc.py at master · huseinzol05/malaya-speech
https://github.com/huseinzol05/malaya-speech/blob/master/malaya_speech/model/webrtc.py

malaya-speech/frame.py at 53aff00203d8fe814fc57bab410dcef978ab8ce3 · huseinzol05/malaya-speech
https://github.com/huseinzol05/malaya-speech/blob/53aff00203d8fe814fc57bab410dcef978ab8ce3/malaya_speech/model/frame.py#L7

malaya-speech/ctc-decoders at master · huseinzol05/malaya-speech
https://github.com/huseinzol05/malaya-speech/tree/master/ctc-decoders

Welcome to Malaya-Speech’s documentation! — malaya-speech documentation
https://malaya-speech.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

Speech Toolkit — malaya documentation
https://malaya.readthedocs.io/en/latest/speech-toolkit.html

Segmentation — malaya documentation
https://malaya.readthedocs.io/en/latest/load-segmentation.html

Learning Shared Semantic Space for Speech-to-Text Translation
https://aclanthology.org/2021.findings-acl.195.pdf

